Update RGB LED section on Cheat-sheet (#754)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/06.nicla/boards/nicla-sense-me/tutorials/cheat-sheet/cheat-sheet.md

#include "Nicla_System.h"
```

> Since the functions are scoped under a specific name called "nicla", you need to explicitly write it before each statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the functions are scoped under a specific Class name called "nicla", you need to explicitly write it before each statement.
```

  int green = 72;
  int blue = 122;

  nicla::leds.setColor(red, green, blue);
  delay(1000);
  nicla::leds.setColor(off);
  delay(1000); 
}
```

> This is a complete example code to correctly control the built-in I2C LED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a complete example code to blink the built-in I2C LED:
```
